azure: update docs for explicit anonymous login (#2489)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

By default, DVC authenticates using an Azure
[default credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-identity/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential)
(if any). This uses certain environment variables or other auth sources. The
following parameters (listed in order of precedence) are used for

> authentication:

Reviewer: I updated this wording btw, hope it's ok.

Reviewer 2: Actually @casperdcl, the rewording here changed the semantics. These params are only used **if set** (a default credential is the used otherwise, as indicated at the beginning of the paragraph). Not 100% sure though, please see https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2489#discussion_r643676441.

Reviewer 2: Fixed in 843ff79.

authentication method:

1. `connection_string` is used for authentication if given (all others params
   are ignored). If `connection_string` is not set, the `account_name` must be
   given.

> 2. If `tenant_id` and `client_id` or `client_secret` are given, Active Directory

Reviewer 2: > If `connection_string` is not set, the `account_name` must be given.

@isidentical do `tenant_id`, `client_id`, `client_secret` require `account_name`? That's kind of what it looks like from the change above. Can you explain so we can take this over? Thanks

Author: Yes, they do. Basically, you should either have `connection_string` or `account_name` set all the time; https://github.com/dask/adlfs/blob/96958331854c5a67917d4c9a802a62720d091374/adlfs/spec.py#L493-L526

Reviewer 2: OK thanks @isidentical but it would still be great if you can elaborate because the doc says "DVC authenticates using an Azure default credential" first, and then the list says that either `connection_string` or `account_name` must be given. Which one is it? Thanks

Author: > Which one is it? Thanks

In either case (even with default credentials) the `account_name` should be given. Previously whether the user wanted anonymous login or not was a bit ambiguous since both default credentials and anonymous login wanted it so we tried to infer it in various terms but now it is done by an explicit option so if you only specify `account_name` then you will use default credentials but if you also specify `allow_anonymous_login` then you will use anonymous login.

   (AD)
   [service principal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal)
   auth is performed.

> 3. If either `account_key` or `sas_token` (in this order) are set, then DVC will
>    try to connect with those options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. DVC will try next to connect with `account_key` or `sas_token` (in this
   order) if either are provided.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, good copy edit. We can usually just commit these BTW (we don't expect the core team to write perfectly). BUT I have a Q on this (https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2489#pullrequestreview-665102806) so let's wait a bit...

Reviewer: that comment is marked as resolved?

Reviewer 2: > that comment is marked as resolved?

Yeah, @isidentical answered the Q so he resolved it. I unresolved it now for visibility.

Anyway, looks like we can just commit this...

4. If `allow_anonymous_login` is set to `True`, then DVC will try to connect

>    anonymously.

Reviewer: Unlike the other things in this list, this doesn't appear to be a "step." It's just a config flag. Maybe move to a note below this list?

Reviewer 2: Ah these aren't steps @casperdcl, the list reflects the order in which auth params are used by DVC (Azure remotes). So if neither 1, 2, or 3 are set, this one is checked. I'd just add a reference to what anonymously is:

```suggestion
4. If `allow_anonymous_login` is set to `True`, then DVC will try to connect
   [anonymously]((https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/anonymous-read-access-configure)).
```

Reviewer: > the list reflects the order in which auth params are used

exactly.

- `allow_anonymous_login` is not in my mind an "auth param" but rather an "auth modifier option" so is out of place in this list
- is it really checked only at the fourth step (i.e. ignored if steps 1-3 succeed)?

The list may be correct (I haven't reviewed the underlying code to check) but I doubt it.

Author: > is it really checked only at the fourth step (i.e. ignored if steps 1-3 succeed)?

yes.

Reviewer 2: > allow_anonymous_login is not in my mind an "auth param"

I see what you meant. We call all of these (config) params. They're params that can be sent `remote modify` (for Azure remotes)

> 5. If none of the steps apply, and the only variable which is set is
>    `account_name` then DVC will try to use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If none of the steps above apply, and the only variable that is set is
   `account_name`, then DVC will try to use a
```

I think @jorgeorpinel would prefer "that."

Reviewer 2: Or neither ("the only variable set"). Wouldn't call these steps though. Updating and committing along with any other copy edits...

   [default credential](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-identity/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential)
   (the information will be inferred by the current environment; including

>    environment variables, activated logings to VS Code and `azure cli`).

Reviewer: "activated logings" looks like a typo but idk what was intended.

Reviewer 2: It's just TMI in the parenthesis, the user can read the details in the link, I think. Let's simplify?

Reviewer 2: Also, looks like the paragraph before the list needs an update. Could move some of that language into this point.

> By default, DVC authenticates using an Azure default credential (if any). This uses certain env...

  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote connection_string 'mysecret'
  ```

> - `account_name` - storage account name. Required if `coonection_string` is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `account_name` - storage account name. Required if `connection_string` is not
```

>   supplied. Will accompany the options below:

Reviewer: "Will accompany the options" - not sure what this means. Is it an instruction ("must accompany")? An option ("may accompany")? A request ("should accompany")? Something else?

Reviewer 2: This relates to my Q in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2489#pullrequestreview-665102806. I think it means `account_name` is almost always required now but let's see what @isidentical says.

Reviewer 2: BTW we seem to be missing a bullet entry for `connection_string` ???

Author: > I think it means account_name is almost always required now but let's see what @isidentical says.

Yes, that is the case.

Author: > BTW we seem to be missing a bullet entry for connection_string ?

This bullet partially covers it, but if you'd like to add it as a separate one, sure!

Reviewer 2: >  you'd like to add it as a separate one, sure

Please 🙂

Reviewer: > almost always required

not at all clear. If it is merely "almost" then we shouldn't open with a statement which strongly implies "absolutely always" and then go on to contradict ourselves later by saying that it's optional.

I'd recommend leaving this out

```suggestion
  supplied.
```

"Will accompany the options below" sounds a bit like "works in tandem with the options below" which in turn sounds like "CLI options affect each other" which in turn sounds like either redundant info or unneeded implementation detail.

Reviewer 2: Up to you here @casperdcl, as long as things are clear. I agree to remove this sentence but maybe there's some way to indicate in each param which other params it works with?

Reviewer: maybe a table?

Reviewer 2: Sure we have a few e.g. https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/pipelines-files#stage-entries

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify myremote account_name 'myuser'

Reviewer: not really sure about naming/style convention here:

- `myremote`/`my_remote`/`'myremote'`
- `accountname`/`account_name`/`'accountname'`
- `myuser`/`my_user`/`'myuser'`

And of course `'my_remote'`/`'account_name'`/`'my_user'`. Is there some important meaning behind this combination?

Same issue with all commands below.

Reviewer 2: Good Qs but unrelated to this PR (specific DVC update)

But to anser, `account_name` comes from DVC. The other ones are just sample values. Currently we don't hyphenate `'myxyz'`, so this seems consistent.

Resolving (feel free to reopen if I didn't understand you).

  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote client_secret 'client-secret'
  ```

> * `account_key` - storage account key:

Reviewer 2: Should mention about default credentials here too instead anonymous auth?

> p.s. I rescued the anon auth link for step 4 above.

Author: We already mention it in the step 5, so I don't think that is necessary.

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote account_key 'mykey'

Reviewer 2: Reverting (no need to change this)
```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote account_key 'mysecret'
```

  ```

* `sas_token` - shared access signature token:

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sas_token 'mytoken'

Reviewer 2: Same
```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote sas_token 'mysecret'
```

  ```

> * `allow_anonymous_login` - whether fallback to anonymous login or not. If none
>   of the options above are specified beside `account_name`, and option is set
>   then DVC will try to connect anonymously for read-only buckets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `allow_anonymous_login` - whether to fallback to anonymous login. If none
  of the options above are specified besides `account_name`, DVC will try
  to connect anonymously for read-only buckets:
```

Reviewer 2: Nice. Can probably simplify even more? E.g. "Only has an effect along with `account_name`."

Reviewer 2: read-only -> public?

Author: > read-only -> public?

yes

Reviewer: > read-only -> public

updated comment.

> Only has an effect along with

doesn't have the same meaning as the (admittedly clunky) phrase

> none of the options above are specified besides
